Links: .NET (2021-01) (#22319)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/blazor-for-web-forms-developers/project-structure.md

```

> The root component to render is configured in the app's `Program.Main` method with the flexibility to register different services through dependency injection.You can refer add services to an app in [Blazor WebAssembly](/aspnet/core/blazor/fundamentals/dependency-injection?view=aspnetcore-5.0#blazor-webassembly)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The root component to render is specified in the app's `Program.Main` method with the flexibility to register services through dependency injection. For more information, see [ASP.NET Core Blazor dependency injection](/aspnet/core/blazor/fundamentals/dependency-injection?pivots=webassembly).
```
